What nonsense
Your company is about to go bankrupt
Can't you predict the future?
Come and test it for you.
How would you die if your company went bankrupt?
You tell He Zhiqiang
It's not too late for him to stop now
It's not that you can't afford it
hateful
Liu Yangyang again
It seems that this time the family is out
It's an idea to take us down
They are so rich
Our funds simply can't fight
How can this be good?
We can only wait
Three days later.
Is our only chance
Three days later, the Dahan index plummeted for 6,500 days
All stocks fell an average of 57%.
The Financial Secretary decides that the platform will be subject to shrewd regulation
So three years from now is our only chance
We
Wait for the wind